[improve][doc] Add doc on Record as Function output type (#16816)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/functions-develop-api.md

For more details, see [code example](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-functions/java-examples/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/functions/api/examples/ExclamationFunction.java).

:::note

The return type of the `Function` can be wrapped in a Pulsar `Record` generic which gives more control on the output message (topic, schema, properties, ...)

> You can use the `Context::newOutputRecordBuilder` method to build this `Record` output.

Reviewer: Does it make sense to provide at least an example to show users how to use this method and what they can get?

Author: Yes, sure. Is `functions-develop-tutorial` the page where it could be added ?

Reviewer: Yes, if you have a specific use case to write a function for because the current tutorial page is use-case-based.
Or you can create a new topic under the "Develop" section to introduce the new method/context.

Author: I can do the page in the Develop section. But currently it's only available in Java.

Author: It's really related to the Java API so I've put the example in the Java tab of this page.

For more details, see [code example](https://github.com/apache/pulsar/blob/master/pulsar-functions/java-examples/src/main/java/org/apache/pulsar/functions/api/examples/ExclamationFunction.java).

> The return type of the `Function` can be wrapped in a Pulsar `Record` generic which gives more control on the output message (topic, schema, properties, ...)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The return type of the function can be wrapped in a generic `Record` which gives you more control over the output message, such as topic, schema, properties, and so on.
```

Author: I generally agree with the proposed changes except for inverting `generic` and `Record`. Generic here is for a Java generic (noun), it's not an adjective.

Reviewer: Got your point. I've updated my suggestion.

> You can use the `Context::newOutputRecordBuilder` method to build this `Record` output.

Reviewer 2: I would say you 'must' and not you 'can'. (Even if we don't enforce that in the code)
This is stronger and we really don't want users to build their own implementations of Record.

Author: I changed `You can use` to just `Use`.

```java

import java.util.HashMap;
import java.util.Map;
import org.apache.pulsar.functions.api.Context;
import org.apache.pulsar.functions.api.Function;
import org.apache.pulsar.functions.api.Record;

public class RecordFunction implements Function<String, Record<String>> {

    @Override
    public Record<String> process(String input, Context context) throws Exception {

>         String publishTopic = (String) context.getUserConfigValueOrDefault("publish-topic", "publishtopic");

Reviewer 2: This example is not good, with this example the function won't write to this topic (that is a  custom parameter)  but to the topic configured as output topic for the function.

We should rework the example

Author: The function *will* write to publishTopic. That's the interest of returning a Record 🙂

Reviewer 2: In my opinion changing the destination (routing) is a secondary case, and it is not the core value of this feature.

I suggest to add a second paragraph about "routing", 
we should focus the first paragraph about the ability of setting a Schema, that is the main feature that was not available

Author: I removed the destinationTopic part.

        String output = String.format("%s!", input);

        Map<String, String> properties = new HashMap<>(context.getCurrentRecord().getProperties());
        context.getCurrentRecord().getTopicName().ifPresent(topic -> properties.put("input_topic", topic));

>         return context.<String>newOutputRecordBuilder()

Reviewer 2: please update this

Author: done
